feat: add support for progress bar state, closes #418 (#742)
tauri-apps/tao: .changes/implementTaskbarProgress.md

---
"tao": minor
---

> Added a taskbar feature (to windows & linux) allowing the following to the tao crate
> - Taskbar Progress Bar (Window wise bar for windows & os wise bar for linux)
> - Taskbar Progress State Management (⬆️)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added APIs for setting progress bars for the application icon on Linux (Unity only) and for specific window on Windows.
```
